It only took me six days. Same time it took the Lord to make the world. We got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! Haaaaaaarry. I just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. Look ma i'm road kill We got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! Haaaaaaarry. We're going for a ride on the information super highway. We're going for a ride on the information super highway. Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means. Brain freeze. You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. Good Morning, oh in case I don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. Well, what is it today? More spelunking?

Bruce... I'm God. No, this is Mount Everest. You should flip on the Discovery Channel from time to time. But I guess you can't now, being dead and all. Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. Excuse me, I'd like to ASS you a few questions. Your entrance was good, his was better. I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd. I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions. Here she comes to wreck the day. Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. The man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. Hey, maybe I will give you a call sometime. Your number still 911? Your entrance was good, his was better.

We're going for a ride on the information super highway. I did the same thing to Gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. Alrighty Then Look ma i'm road kill We got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! Haaaaaaarry. I now issue a new commandment: Thou shalt do the dance. Look at that, it's exactly three seconds before I honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. Circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. Alrighty Then Kinda hot in these rhinos. I just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter.

Multiply your anger by about a hundred, Kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. Multiply your anger by about a hundred, Kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. The man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. We're going for a ride on the information super highway. It only took me six days. Same time it took the Lord to make the world. Circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. Look at that, it's exactly three seconds before I honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. Boxing is about respect. Getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. Brain freeze. Alrighty Then I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions. Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane.

Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. Excuse me, I'd like to ASS you a few questions. No, this is Mount Everest. You should flip on the Discovery Channel from time to time. But I guess you can't now, being dead and all. Look ma i'm road kill Here she comes to wreck the day. Your entrance was good, his was better. It only took me six days. Same time it took the Lord to make the world. Hey, maybe I will give you a call sometime. Your number still 911? Bruce... I'm God. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. No, this is Mount Everest. You should flip on the Discovery Channel from time to time. But I guess you can't now, being dead and all.

Alrighty Then That tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions. I don't think they tried to market it to the billionaire, spelunking, BASE-jumping crowd. Excuse me, I'd like to ASS you a few questions. That tall drink of water with the silver spoon up his ass. Boxing is about respect. Getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. The man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. Good Morning, oh in case I don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. Mister Wayne, if you don't want to tell me exactly what you're doing, when I'm asked, I don't have to lie. But don't think of me as an idiot. Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means. Excuse me, I'd like to ASS you a few questions.

I did the same thing to Gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks. The man likes to play chess; let's get him some rocks. You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. Good Morning, oh in case I don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. It's because i'm green isn't it! Here she comes to wreck the day. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. Look at that, it's exactly three seconds before I honk your nose and pull your underwear over your head. I just heard about evans new position,good luck to you evan backstabber, bastard, i mean baxter. Hey, maybe I will give you a call sometime. Your number still 911? I once heard a wise man say there are no perfect men. Only perfect intentions. I did the same thing to Gandhi, he didn't eat for three weeks.

Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. Well, what is it today? More spelunking? Multiply your anger by about a hundred, Kate, that's how much he thinks he loves you. Rehabilitated? Well, now let me see. You know, I don't have any idea what that means. Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. Boxing is about respect. Getting it for yourself, and taking it away from the other guy. No, this is Mount Everest. You should flip on the Discovery Channel from time to time. But I guess you can't now, being dead and all. Here she comes to wreck the day. Brain freeze. Circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. Circumstances have taught me that a man's ethics are the only possessions he will take beyond the grave. It's because i'm green isn't it!

Well, what is it today? More spelunking? Bruce... I'm God. Look ma i'm road kill Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. Let me tell you something my friend. Hope is a dangerous thing. Hope can drive a man insane. It's because i'm green isn't it! Kinda hot in these rhinos. Cities fall but they are rebuilt. Heroes die but they are remembered. It's because i'm green isn't it! Good Morning, oh in case I don't see you, good afternoon, good evening and goodnight. You measure yourself by the people who measure themselves by you. We got no food we got no money and our pets heads are falling off! Haaaaaaarry. 